Pablo, this is a great question. So for a cloud engineering role, if you have the necessary skills for job but not the certification, are you still worth interviewing or do you need the certification? So Pablo, it depends. Now, if you have a friend that's gonna introduce you, then you don't need the certification, you only need the skills. If you bid an expert going out there and creating content, and we teach our students how to create content, and you know how to show, the employer is how to come to you, thing you don't need any certifications because the world's coming to you. I still recommend certifications. I strongly, strongly do earlier in your career. But all the certifications realistically do is they give you the ability to get an interview. I am totally happy to hire people with no certifications, totally happy to hire somebody without certifications. But I need the skills. And how good does the person have that skills? For that cloud engineer, how well do they know infrastructure is good? If I'm looking for a cloud engineer, what is their knowledge and capabilities with deaf obstacles? If I have a cloud engineer, how good are their Linux skills? Are they red-head certified engineer good or better? Because that's my minimum for a cloud engineer. I'm not looking for somebody who's got junior level skills. AI has junior level skills. If I'm dealing with an engineer, I need some good Linux skills. And I want them to have good window skills. And I want them to have good scripting skills. And that means bash show and windows power show. And that means I want that user no one had to install applications and patching kernels and updating current hurdles and compiling it. Because if I'm dealing with an engineer, I need a technical expert. But when I've got someone with really great automation skills and hands-on engineering skills and deep engineering knowledge if I interview them, I don't care about a certification. Any other hiring manager? But the key is how did they get that interview in the first place? Now, if you've got a network of people that's going to send you their skills either, you don't need the certification. But I'll tell you for the average person getting two to three professional certifications will get you an interview. And that to me is highly, highly valuable. But they won't get you more than the interview. So when somebody gets 40 certifications, I still can't hire them. Because two things happen. One is now they have a bunch of junior level skills in 20 different people's careers, as opposed to being all the skills in one job. So the key is what are the role you're applying for? And do you have the skills and how good are your skills at? How good are your sales skills and how are your marketing skills? Now, let's be serious here. I've got two people. And I can't make a decision which one I hire. Everything about them is exactly equal. Probably higher the certified person. Because they probably look more motivated on paper, the willingness to go above and beyond and don't. Now, I've got a person with 10 certifications, but here's their skill level. And I've got a person with zero certifications and here's their skill level. This is the person I hire. But the world's not black and white on, off, binary. We're going to be scaling and rating people on a bunch of things. So if you've got great marketing skills, don't worry about a certification. If you don't have great marketing skills, get a certification. If you really want to get them down to get the best career skills, but I say get the best career skills and get the best certifications. And I'm saying learn how to brand yourself, learn how to sell yourself and have everything. Have it all. That's why our approach, the certifications plus the actual skills being hard or competition basically teaches the certification and none of the skills. And that's why people come to us from everybody's boot camp and years and years of cloud projects that have nothing to do with architectural roles. And then we train them and it's easy to get them hard. But it's all about skills, all about skills, all about skills, but you got to get the interview. So keep that in mind.